Adding drag & drop to extension development docs (#251)
foxglove/docs: docs/3-visualization/8-extensions/2-local-development.mdx

Once installed, you should be able to open the "Add panel" menu and see an option called `ExamplePanel`. You've successfully loaded your first Foxglove extension!

> Alternatively, if you've [packaged your extension](/docs/visualization/extensions/publish#packaging-your-extension), you can double-click on the `.foxe` file to install your extension on Foxglove desktop or drag and drop the file to install it on the web app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if you've [packaged your extension](/docs/visualization/extensions/publish#packaging-your-extension), you can double-click on the `.foxe` file or drag-and-drop the file to install your extension on Foxglove desktop. The only way to install local extensions for the web app is to drag-and-drop the file onto the `/view` page.
```
I don't think that you can drag-and-drop extensions on the `/dashboard` and just want to make clear that this is really the only way to do this for the web app.

Author: Good call out, thank you. Slightly reworded your suggestion for tone & updated. Also put mention of web first since that's the point of this paragraph. Sections above already unblock desktop use.
